Hi guys and welcome back to my channel.
My name is Mika and today we are going
to talk about how you can get in charge
of your life. How you can make things
happen for you instead of let them
happening to you. Let's get into this.
We have all heard about trust your
intuition, follow your gut instinct and
make the right decisions, right? But at
some point, even if we think we make the
right decision, even if our gut, our
intuition tells us to go left, it is
possible that the left way is the wrong
way. And the reason for that is because
we are making decisions based on our
past. Means when we have been through
dramas, we are making our decisions
based on those traumas. For example, in
my past when I was younger, I was doing
everything possible to get the approval
from men because I didn't have a father.
I grew up without my dad. And this
created a belief in me that I need to
chase approval from men. And only men
can make me feel like I'm worthy. Now,
until I was in my 18, 19 years, even
though I was meeting toxic men, I was
being in relationships with men who
abused me with men who treated me
really, really badly. I found always a
way to excuse them. I found always a way
to find the mistakes in me because I
thought I have to be chosen. I have to
change in order to be worthy because I
was not aware. My father with not being
in my life in my early years learned me
that I am not worthy of love from men.
Now, until I learned what was happening
behind the scenes, until I learned to
understand why I'm choosing men that
treat me badly, why they keep coming
into my life, this cycle would repeat
itself over and over again because those
beliefs that I had engraved in my brain,
in my unconsciousness,
were creating my reality. And you might
have seen those memes on social media
where women say, "Oh, when a nice guy
arrives, then suddenly I feel bored and
I feel like this is a red flag, but when
a toxic man arrives, I feel so
comfortable." This is not normal and
this is exactly the problem. Our belief
system can make us believe that
something that is truly bad for us is
good for us. And we keep choosing what
is truly bad for us because it's
comfortable and it's known. Everything
that is known is comfortable for the
body even though it's hell. You can be
in an abusive relationship. You can be
beaten up over and over again and still
feel more comfortable in this
relationship than being in a
relationship with a man that truly
nurtures you, that gives you what you
need, that loves you, that is healthy,
that knows how to communicate and is
emotionally available. Now, this is
super important to know because when
you're trying to manifest something
differently, when you're trying to
manifest a healthy relationship, you're
trying to glow up your whole life, but
your belief system is running on your
previous you, is running on your past
mistakes, on your past experiences.
You can want the best for yourself, but
you will keep deciding and choosing the
worst for yourself because of your
belief system. So, it's super important
for you to learn to rewrite those
beliefs in order to be able to create a
different reality for yourself. At the
end of the day, you are always in
control of your life, even when you
don't know it. Even when bad things are
happening to you, this is in your
control and it comes from your belief
system. Only you can create your life.
Nobody else can do that for you. So it's
super important to understand that your
belief system and everyone that has
influence to your belief system is
creating your reality. The next thing I
want to talk about is attention and
intention. You can have the best
intention, but when your attention goes
the wrong way, you will still have a
wrong outcome. You will still have an
outcome that you don't want to have. For
example, your intention is to find a
job, to make more money, but your
attention goes to what could go wrong.
How many people did not make it? What
did they experience? What was the worst
thing that could happen? How people
failed and why people failed? If you
keep the majority of your attention, of
your focus, of your energy onto what
could go wrong, the outcome for you will
be reflecting where you put your
attention to and not where you put your
intention to. And this is connected
again with your belief system. If your
belief system is it's super difficult to
make a lot of money, to make money, you
have to work a lot, not everyone can
make it, not everyone can be famous,
then you will unfortunately be in a
position where these beliefs will be
reflected. So, of course, you will feel
like you are out of control when your
intention is to get a job, but your
attention goes to how things can go
wrong. If your intention goes to finding
a healthy man, being in a healthy
relationship, having a healthy family,
but your attention, your focus, your
energy goes to men who are treating you
badly, goes to YouTube videos of all the
red flags and everything that could go
wrong. If your attention goes to Netflix
shows that are about drama and broken
relationships, abuse, mistrust, and
cheating, then this is what you will
experience. If you want to manifest
anything in your life and feel like you
are in control, you have to be so
careful with what you surround yourself.
You have a free will. You can choose by
free will what you surround yourself
with. You can choose what to watch, what
to look at, what to listen to, which
people to surround yourself with. And
when you're choosing to surround
yourself with people who abuse you, who
disrespect you, who don't treat you the
right way, you are actually abusing
yourself over and over again. You have
to love yourself and respect yourself
deeply in order to be able to change
that belief system to see beyond that
surface to see what's going on in you
and what are you choosing that is
actually hurting you. You are so clear
about what you want in life and you know
that nothing actually happens by
accident. Everything that happens is
coming from some decision you took in
your past, some beliefs that you
cultivate. Then you will be so careful
with what you surround yourself with,
with what your beliefs are. And you will
try your best to change that belief
system and to not feed your soul with
experiences and information that doesn't
do you any good. Another thing are
signs. Life is always giving us signs
when something is not supposed to be the
way it should be, the way you want it to
be. Especially when your belief system
is based on your past traumas, on past
bad experiences,
then believe me, life will send you
signs and you need to listen to those
signs. You need to see those signs as
what they are and not trying to give
excuses for why things happened and how
you can just live with it. No. If you
have a sign, and with a sign I mean, for
example, you are suddenly in a small
accident, you're suddenly sick for no
reason, you're suddenly having an eye
infection, look around and ask yourself,
what is it that I have to remove from my
life? What is it that shouldn't be
there? And what way is it that I took
the wrong direction? Which path am I
going the wrong way? For example, when I
was being in a relationship with an
abusive partner, when I was around 18,
19, I would always get a really bad eye
infection. And my gut, my feelings said,
I love this person. I want to marry this
person. I want to have children with
this person, but this person kept
literally abusing me, beating me up, and
doing really, really bad things to me.
But I wouldn't see it. I would give
excuses to this man and look at myself
and ask myself, what did I do wrong?
Like, how can I change? And the answer
from universe was, "If you're not
leaving this person, I'm going to send
you an eye infection because you do not
want to see what's actually happening
here." It was a sign that I have to open
my eyes before it's getting worse. I
didn't see that as a sign. I was just
taking it as, "Oh, I have an eye
infection. I will be fine." And a few
weeks later, I got the same eye
infection again. A few weeks later, I
got it again. It was coming back again
and again in even shorter periods of
time that at some point I was not able
to open my eye for weeks. I was
literally blindsided and I still did not
see the sign. I'm always getting
throwbacks when I talk about this and I
feel so sorry for my younger self. But
at the end of the day, I did not see the
signs and fortunately at some point we
broke up. Moral of the story, there will
be always signs and you need to see
those signs. You are not supposed to be
sick every week, every month. You are
not supposed to have a rush all over
your body. You are not supposed to have
an eye infection constantly randomly.
Now in my life, I would even go as far
as if something happens once, this is
already a sign. If I'm being sick, like
if I'm having a flu, I know this is a
sign. I know there is something I have
to take a different direction. Just
recently I was walking around in
downtown and there were two children
jumping on the stones and literally the
moment I was passing one of those girls
was hitting her face into the ground and
started bleeding. She had a wound on her
head and the blood was coming out all
over flooding down. And in that moment,
even if there didn't happen anything to
me physically, I see that as a sign. I
was asking myself over and over again,
what is this sign for? What do I need to
listen to right now? And I took it as a
sign that I have to slow down before I
fall literally at my face. I felt
already tired. My eyes were not seeing
properly anymore. I had subtle signs,
but I still was going. And then happened
this. And this was my ultimate sign to
slow down, take a step back and focus on
recovery, recharging myself instead of
doing, doing, doing. And the same is
with people. If someone is not meant to
be in your life, if someone is not for
your highest good, believe and trust the
timing and the process. If this person
wants to leave your life, life gives you
a sign that you have to leave this
person, that this person is not good for
you, trust the sign and have faith. Take
the leap of faith and let that person
go. Not everyone is meant to stay with
you. Some people they come into your
life to teach you something. Some people
they come into your life to remind you
of something. Some people come into your
life just to give you a quick reality
check of what and who you truly are. You
have to really trust in life and trust
in the universe that when people are
leaving and when people are supposed to
leave that you let them leave. and not
hold on to someone that is not meant for
you. You're being literally protected
from divorce. You're being protected
from going the wrong direction with
every sign you get in your life. And
that's also why you have to be so
unapologetic
with your boundaries and your standards.
Your boundaries, your standards are
literally protecting you from anything
going wrong, from any bad person coming
into your life. Boundaries and standards
are your best friends. And especially as
a woman that wants to be and embrace her
femininity, that wants to be in her
feminine energy, you have to be so
fierce with your boundaries. A boundary
doesn't equal a narcissistic person. A
standard doesn't equal a selfish person.
You have to be so clear with your
standards and your boundaries and don't
let anyone step over your boundaries.
Don't let anyone cross your standards.
With every standards that you have, you
teach people how to treat you. And your
standard should be minimum at a place
where you say, "Hey, if something
disturbs my peace, it's not for me. It
doesn't align with my future self. It
doesn't align with the version of me
that I want to be, with the life that I
want to live." And everything that
crosses that standard is a no. You stop
to accept and entertain inconsistency.
And in a way you have to literally
become unavailable
to people and circumstances who are not
aligning with your vision of the perfect
life you want of the perfect version of
you. Ultimately all of these will give
you that glow up. You want to focus on
taking charge of your life knowing
exactly what you want in life and then
you will also have that glow up. You can
only really glow up also physically your
beauty, your body, your relationships,
your finances once you align your
attention, your actions and your
emotions to where you want to go to
those exact goals that you have to those
manifestations. You have to not only
choose wisely what you're consuming from
the outside. You have to also choose
wisely what you are giving yourself from
the inside. Everything that we create
here, we are creating here. I can only
make this video right now because I was
thinking about creating a video. what I
want to talk about, how I want to have
the video look, how I want to talk, what
message I want to send to you guys, only
that way it can exist in this reality.
Right? So if you keep talking to
yourself how ugly you are, oh now you
have again a pimper, oh your skin is not
nice, your skin is not glowing, if you
keep focusing on things you don't like
on yourself, you will only attract more
of it. You have to keep in mind you can
only attract what you are. Of course you
cannot be a cake for example if you want
to manifest a cake in your life. What
you are is what you feel, what you say
to yourself. You can only be a
frequency, a vibration. So if you are on
the vibration of I'm ugly, I'm not
beautiful enough, I cannot afford this,
I don't deserve a loving husband, then
this is exactly what you will attract.
Again, check your belief system. Where
does it come from? and rephrase your
inner monologue. When you talk to
yourself, even though it feels weird in
the beginning, even though you are on
autopilot already talking to yourself
badly, you have to learn to rephrase
that. Every time you catch yourself
telling how bad you are or how you did
things badly, rephrase that. Hey, you
can do that. Go to the mirror and say,
"I am beautiful. I am an energetic light
in this world. I am mesmerizing."
Tell yourself the good things over and
over again. That way you're rephrasing
your self-t talk. You're also step by
step changing your belief system. And
this is what you will attract. Whatever
you focus on, wherever your attention
goes, energy grows. And wherever energy
grows will be manifested in your life.
If you want to have beautiful, glowy
skin, focus on all the ways how you can
manifest a beautiful, healthy, glowing
skin instead of focusing on how bad it
looks right now, how other people have a
nicer skin than you. No, focus on what
you can do right now to get there. You
want a glowy skin, drink more water.
Check which supplements you can take.
Read into what kind of foods can bring
out that glow in your skin. Whatever you
do, focus on bettering. Focus on best
outcome instead of focus on worst case
outcome. Always tell yourself every
thought is either a prayer or poison.
And you have to choose wisely if you
want to poison yourself or you want to
set a prayer that will fast track you to
your manifestations, to your goals. If
it's money, health, a specific body
type, beauty, you have to also remember
that you can only manifest what you
already are. Means on which frequency
you are. When you are vibrating on a low
frequency, you will only attract
circumstances and people that are
vibrating on that same low frequency.
You need to vibrate on a higher
frequency in order to attract everything
that is on a higher frequency. And
that's when discipline comes in.
Discipline is almost like a bad word in
the world of manifestation, in the world
of femininity, in the world of
spirituality. It does take a certain
amount of discipline in order to embody
that version of yourself that you want
to be in your daily. If it's difficult
for you to be disciplined, you need to
train that muscle first in order to be
able to change anything in your life.
And when you have trained or when you
are in process of training that muscle,
then ask yourself okay, I want to be
this person. I want to wear this kind of
things in my daily. I want to drive this
car. I want to make this amount of
money. I want to be with a person that
treats me this exact way. What kind of
emotion are you connecting with those
experiences? Do the same with your
current life. What are you doing every
single day? And what kind of emotion are
you connecting or are you feeling while
you're doing this? Now ask yourself,
what can I do in order to feel what I
want to feel in my desired self and
desired reality and do this every single
day. For example, if you feel beautiful,
if you feel expensive when you wear
flowy dresses, do that every day. If you
feel amazing when you wake up at 6:00
a.m. every day, do this every single
day. You always have to align with the
emotions that you want to feel. Of
course, you cannot buy yourself now a
Porsche when you don't have the money
for buying a Porsche. But you can ask
yourself, what kind of feeling do I
connect with having, buying or driving a
Porsche? And what can I do in my daily
day now in order to feel that already
now? And only when you feel that already
now every single day dominantly in your
everyday life, then you can manifest it
into your life. It will come
automatically to you. How long did I
struggle for my skin? How long did I
have pimples, unclear skin? How long did
I struggle? Like as far as I can
remember, I struggled with skin issues.
Now look at my skin. Look at my skin.
And what did I do? Yes, I did do a lot
of creams. I did do skin care. I did
align my actions. I did do those things.
But I did do those things also when my
skin was very bad. So what did I change?
The only thing I changed was how I live
and feel in my daily life. Whatever you
want in life is only a reflection of
your inner world. So keep treating
yourself like the queen you are. Keep
talking to yourself like the queen you
are and always try your very best to
cultivate your inner world beautifully.
I am imagining my inner world like a
beautiful place with flowers with
butterflies.
And whenever I'm talking in a mean way
to myself, I imagine how that mean words
are like poison in the wind that comes
into that beautiful inner world and is
rotting everything inside there. Every
butterfly dies, every flower rottens.
And only when I change what I said to
myself in a beautiful way, only when I
rephrase it, I imagine how everything
blooms again. It's like a cartoon for
me. And this really helps me to keep
cultivating a beautiful inner world for
myself. And again, your inner world
creates your outer world. So whatever
you need to do in order to keep that
inner world beautifully, keep that inner
butterflies flying and that inner
flowers growing and blooming. Do it. I
hope I could help you with this video
and you know now what to do to take your
power back in your life and manifest the
good aspects of life instead of keep
repeating the bad ones. Thank you so
much for watching. I love you so so much
and I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.